Change order of initialization, fixes #1059 (#1062)
stevehipwell/helm-charts: charts/nexus3/CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

> - Changed the order of the initialization scripts to allow creating roles based on repository privileges (fixes #1059)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Changed

- Changed the order of the initialization scripts to allow creating roles based on repository privileges. ([#1062](https://github.com/stevehipwell/helm-charts/pull/1062) _@mreiche_
```

If you want to reference the actual change this is the pattern to use.
